c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\BankingSystems.exe.config
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\BankingSystems.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\BankingSystems.pdb
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.g.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\BankingSystems.pdb
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem2\BankingSystems\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.baml
